OK.
Now the first thing we need to do to set a firebase is we have to go to the firebase Web site and create
a fire base project.
How we do that is on the Web site.
If you're not signed into a Google account do that now.
And when you do you will have access to this go to console button.
So we click that and it will launch the firebase console now on this console.
I have some projects already but you don't need this.
So what you're going to do is you're going to click ad project and then you're going to name it whatever
you want.
So I'm gonna name mine Crown DV and we're gonna accept the terms and conditions and we're gonna hit
create project.
And while it's loading it's essentially setting up all of our authentication services.
Our database our backend everything for us.
So this is actually quite fast considering all of the things that it's doing for us.
Once it's ready we hit continue and it will take us to this dashboard.
Now in this dashboard there's two main things I want to focus on.
The first is this bottom section where we see the plant.
So for the free plan is honestly enough for all of our needs and purposes for not only testing but also
when we deploy this live as our portfolio project.
It's very rare that we will probably exceed any of the request amount limits on the free spark plant
but if we do it's not that expensive.
If you do with the pay as you go because you essentially only pay for anything you exceed by and it's
generally going to be pretty marginal because it's not actually a full fledged app in production with
a lot of users after we look at this we got to look at our developed section.
So here we're going to see all of the services that are available to us.
The main ones we want to focus on are the authentication and the database so the authentication has
to do with what authentication varieties like sine and methods we want our fire base to have access
to.
We'll go into this a little deeper a little later once we start integrating it.
The database is actually where it's going to hold all of the data that we want to store in our firebase
project.
And again we're also going to cover that a little later.
Storage is for storing images videos and more like assets.
If we wanted to host them somewhere on the web the hosting is if we wanted firebase to handle are Web
sites hosting for us which we don't need that functions we don't have to worry about.
And M.L. kit is from machine learning which we also do not need to worry about.
So let's configure our firebase so what we gonna do is we had a go to this project overview tab and
then we're gonna hit this little icon that says Web then we're going to register app with a nickname
and this nickname is Morse for it mostly internal.
So it's not really important but I'm just going to call it Crown DV and then I'm going to hit register
app.
We don't need to setup firebase hosting because we don't need that but it's an optional thing and then
we'll get this code snippet that essentially allows us to add this to our HD UML but because we're a
javascript developers we are just going to copy this object and then we're gonna go back to our terminal
and in our terminal we are going to yarn add the firebase project
and once this package is loaded let's start configuring and adding firebase into our application.